GDPR and DPIA Form

What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities

What data do we collect?
UOB Charity Hub collects the following data:
Personal identification information:-
First Name and Last Name
Email address
Contact number

Why will the data be collected?
User identification
Manage account

How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Our Company with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online and make an account on the website
Voluntarily completing a customer survey to provide feedback on our web application.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.

Our Company may also receive data indirectly from the following source:
Guild Student Union

How will we use your data?
UOB Charity Hub collects your data so that we can:
Manage account
Authenticate user and manage their access to UOB Charity Hub
Communication with user about volunteering updates and application updates



How do we store your data?
UOB Charity Hub securely stores your data at the University of Birmingham and the following security precautions are taken to make sure that your data is safe:
       -     Data encryption before it is stored.
      -     The data is regularly backed-up to ensure that there is no data loss.
      -     Access to the apps data is monitored to ensure there is no unauthorised access.
      -     Proper access control is set to ensure there is no unauthorised access.
Workers that have access to the app's data will have to use strong passwords and two factor authentication.

UOB Charity Hub will keep your personal data for 3 years(duration of being a student at the university). Once this time period
has expired, we will delete your data by notifying the user of their account termination and correctly identifying the data that needs to be deleted and wiping it from our system.
.
What are your data protection rights?
UOB Charity Hub would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access - You have the right to request UOB Charity Hub for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification - You have the right to request that UOB Charity Hub correct any
information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request UOB Charity Hub to
complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure - You have the right to request that UOB Charity Hub erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that UOB Charity Hub restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to UOB Charity Hub’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability - You have the right to request that UOB Charity Hub transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
tos008@student.bham.ac.uk
kxp253@student.bham.ac.uk
sxp426@student.bham.ac.uk
smp237@student.bham.ac.uk
mxm1454@student.bham.ac.uk
rxy297@student.bham.ac.uk
mxk419@student.bham.ac.uk


What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.

For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org

How do we use cookies?
UOB Charity Hub uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
Authenticate user and personalise user experience

What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality - UOB Charity Hub uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our
            website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include                          what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies
           are used.

Advertising - UOB Charity Hub uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.

How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.

Privacy policies of other websites
The UOB Charity Hub website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

Changes to our privacy policy
UOB Charity Hub keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 4th March, 2024.

How to contact us
If you have any questions about UOB Charity Hub’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: tos008@student.bham.ac.uk

Call us: +47782932239

Or write to us at: University of Birmingham, B15 2TT
